Program Specification
A traffic simulator with the ability to edit and simulate the users chosen design.
This simulation should return something useful like the average speed of cars throughout the simulation.
This allows the user to test different designs and discover which is best at promoting traffic flow.

Class Breakdown

Main:
Only contains Main() method.
The main class will be used to switch the program between either simulation mode or editor mode.
Main will initialise in simulation mode by creating a Simulation() class and calling appropriate methods.

Simulation:
The Simulation class contains methods pertaining to activities handled by the simulation.
The Simulation stores all roads in an array allowing for the to interact with each other allowing simulation to have
vehicles transition between roads.
Simulation handles interaction between vehicles and traffic lights.
Simulation checks on a per road basis what needs to be updated and then does so accordingly.

RoadStraight:
Note: This is for the moment the base road type, it may be refactored into a Road class if its chosen to be used as a
basis for all future road types. In future the program will have 3 road types.
RoadStraight is creatable with a specified length, defining its endpoint.
RoadStraight contains all vehicles and traffic lights relevant to its position. This allows for these objects to be
obtained by Simulation from RoadStraight.
RoadStraight allows for vehicles to be created or destroyed, this can be used by simulation to transfer vehicles
between roads.
RoadStraight allows for TrafficLights to be created, allowing them to interact with vehicles at a more precise level
RoadStraight has methods which returns information about what is contained on the road, like the amount of
vehicles and traffic lights.

Vehicle:
The vehicle class contains information about each vehicle with relevant methods to update it appropriately.
Vehicle will have a drive method, updating speed and position appropriately.
Vehicle will have a stop method, updating speed and position appropriately.